Incorporate further Findings from Review-Phase (#696)
admin-shell-io/aas-specs: documentation/IDTA-01001/modules/ROOT/pages/spec-metamodel/common.adoc

Author: ```suggestion

```
no new information and even wrong

Author: ```suggestion
Note 2: in some cases there is neither a semanticId (xref:spec-metamodel/common.adoc#semanticId[Submodel/semanticId]) nor a template ID (xref:spec-metamodel/common.adoc#templateId[Submodel/administration/templateId]) defined for the Submodel. 
```

The assumption is that every subject has a unique identifier.

xref:spec-metamodel/common.adoc#AdministrativeInformation[AdministrativeInformation] allows the usage of templates (xref:spec-metamodel/common.adoc#HasDataSpecification[HasDataSpecification]).
Data specifications are defined in IDTA-01003 sub-series.

If an AAS contains two different Submodels with the same semanticId 
(xref:spec-metamodel/common.adoc#semanticId[Submodel/semanticId])  these two submodels shall have different IDs (xref:spec-metamodel/common.adoc#Identifiable[Submodel/id]) 

> and differ in either their 

Author: ```suggestion
and differ in their 
```

> and differ in their 

Author: ```suggestion
and typically differ in their 
```

Author: critical: how to see that it is the "same" Semantics in different version or different semantics like for example for Time Series that allows different time series

> Note 4: if a template ID (xref:spec-metamodel/common.adoc#templateId[Submodel/administration/templateId]) of one of the standardized Submodel Templates of the IDTA is used to guide the creation of a Submodel then there is also a semantic ID defined for the Submodel.

Author: ```suggestion
Note 3: if a template ID (xref:spec-metamodel/common.adoc#templateId[Submodel/administration/templateId]) of one of the standardized Submodel Templates of the IDTA is used to guide the creation of a Submodel then there is also a semantic ID defined for the Submodel.
```

====

To ensure reliable sorting and enable logical comparisons, the <<version>> and <<revision>> attributes are stored as numerical integer types rather than as text strings. 
This design prevents common sorting errors (e.g., a text-based sort incorrectly placing "V1.10" before "V1.2") and allows the system to mathematically determine which release is newer.

For display purposes, these numbers are typically concatenated into a human-readable string, such as V<version>.<revision>.

This numerical system creates a clear and logical order of precedence, where a higher version or revision number always indicates a later release:

V1.0 < V1.1 < V2.0

The date attribute <<createdAt>> is bound to the identity of the object itself, not to its individual version states. 
This means that while an object's <<version>> or <<revision>> will increment over time, its _createdAt_ timestamp remains fixed to the moment the object was first created.

> The date attribute <<updatedAt>>, however, tracks when modifications occur. 

Author: ```suggestion
The date attribute <<updatedAt>>, however, tracks when relevant modifications occur. 
```

> Because the version and revision increment as the object is updated over time, 

Reviewer: That is currently not defined and becoming a problem also with regards to "getSubmodelVersionBy.." - as the behavior will probably be very inconsistent if the versioning is not defined. We discussed that briefly in the last TF API Meeting.

I would delete the sentence until there is a proper versioning concept.

Author: This is not meant to mean: for every update there is a new version but somehow it is of course related to upates. So I would just add a sentence stating that not necessarily every update leads to a new version. But later this is explained.

Reviewer: It is still a bit confusing in my view also with regards to the note 5, which basically states, that those values are all independend with no clear coupling. It feels a bit like trying to go around the topic of how a system should behave by setting restrictions of how it should not behave. 

As an implementer you get an idea of what it should do, but i feel it would be more helpful to have at least a recommendation of how you system actually should handle those attributes instead of what not to do with them.

> Because the version and revision increment as the object is updated over time, 

Author: ```suggestion
Because the version and revision increment if there are relevant updates to the object over time, 
```

a higher version number mathematically implies a later _updatedAt_ timestamp than that of its previous version states. 
For example, the _updatedAt_ timestamp of V2.0 will be later than the _updatedAt_ timestamp of V1.1.

Finally, for any given state of the object, a fundamental rule applies to these timestamps: the <<updatedAt>> timestamp is always greater than or equal to the <<createdAt>> timestamp, 
meaning an update can never occur before the initial creation of the object.

====

> Note 5: It is important to clarify that not every change to an object's data will necessarily trigger a new release (update of <<version>> or <<revision>> attributes) or an update to the <<updatedAt>> timestamp. 

Author: ```suggestion
Note 4: It is important to clarify that not every change to an object's data will necessarily trigger a new release (update of <<version>> or <<revision>> attributes) or an update to the <<updatedAt>> timestamp. 
```
